manifesting as commanding which means
working with the word work is in there
you've got to take action you got to
make it happen but believe that it's
very important to still think about it
focus in on it dream about it but
without conscious action it probably
won't take place everybody welcome to
impact theory our goal with this showing
company is to introduce you to the
people and ideas that will help you
actually execute on your dreams all
right today's guest is the former CEO of
the legendary Leigh Steinberg sports
agency and the co-founder and CEO of
Sports one arguably the most notable
sports marketing firm in the world he
started with nothing and yet became a
millionaire just nine months out of law
school and a multimillionaire by the
time he was 32 but then he went broke
but then he made it all back again and
now he's an insanely successful serial
entrepreneur and philanthropist who
through hardship was forced to codify
the rules of success since we're gaining
his footing he's written two number-one
best-selling books on the subject of
success connected to goodness and
compassionate capitalism a journey to
the soul of business he also shares his
principles on his top 5 iTunes business
podcast the playbook one of his
principles find ways to serve others to
that end everything that he and his
business partner Hall of Fame
quarterback warren moon do have a
charitable component and this rule has
only accelerated their business growth
through sports one they are currently
involved in projects for many of the
world's biggest sporting events
including the Super Bowl the Pro
Football Hall of Fame the Masters and
countless others his passionate desire
to help others pursue their potential
has seen him lauded with countless
awards including being honored as one of
Marshall Goldsmith top 100 business
coaches in the world and being named the
chairman of the unstoppable foundation
so please help me in welcoming the man
that both Forbes and entrepreneur named
one of the top keynote speakers on the
planet variety magazines sports
humanitarian of the Year Dave Meltzer
baby daddies to be all good I'll walk
around with you to be all good
that was awesome dude thank you for all
that you share man it's really crazy
like this we're living in this really
weird time where people are coming out
they're taking their time for no money
to really share what they've learned and
empower not only the next generation but
just anybody that's willing to listen
and you've become an amazing voice in
that it's incredible I think it has to
do with faith you know we're going to
talk about doing things for no money I
used to see things as a trade so even
giving right I give with an expectation
of at least appreciation and it caused
all types of difficulty but for me now I
just have this real faith that if I'm of
service if I do well and I do the right
things that not necessarily just
monetary wealth but true purpose and
fulfillment and wealth come to you more
accurately it reduces the resistance in
my life I love that especially in your
story because your story to me really is
one of being able to rebuild and so few
people can do it and be the ones that
can and have they want to talk about it
and so how do you think about failure
how have you conceptualized in your mind
why are you so able to talk so openly
about it you know I did an interview
with Ryan Leaf and we were talking about
big failures and his it was even more
public in mind but the number one
shameful thing of losing everything and
the most courageous thing was to face
our mothers you know you talk about the
public and here I had I said today I'd
sheriffs lined up at my Rancho Santa Fe
home and moving trucks to take
everything out hope you know 33 homes
alone in San Diego gone a golf course is
Ski Mountain so beyond my community and
associates and all of this and I was
already working for Lee this is from
past transgressions I was already on my
path and journey of fulfillment but the
hardest thing was to walk through my
mom's house and tell oh I get choked up
I had to tell her that not only did I
fail her myself
but I felt I felt really really tough so
that failure to me
was the toughest part you know and so
for me all the other things were just
learning experiences but I had to get
over the shame of that you know here
they took my mom's house my dream of
getting rich was it only to buy my mom a
house in a car that's you know I grew up
with nothing six kids single mom so for
me to make it back I was already on that
journey and I felt as if I could stay in
a place of giving and faith and and I
mean faith in myself and faith in the
universe faith and others of service
that everything would come back to me
and it did so I love is that something
that that is that emotionally intense
you've talked really eloquently about
there was this weird delay right so I
make all these mistakes which end up
costing me everything but I'd already
made the changes and so as I'm hitting
rock bottom I've already found that
moment of faith I know that by giving
and not expecting that I can really
build something so how did that
interaction go with you and your wife
yeah cuz that was really the rock bottom
that woke me up when you let someone
bottom out was my wife who I've adored
since the fourth grade I've known her
since I was nine
who did adore me since the fourth grade
but you know when she told me she wasn't
happy and at that time we had everything
you know what you dream of as a poor kid
what you dream is probably as a rich kid
and so for her just straight-out tell me
that if I didn't straighten up go back
and take stock in who I was that she was
gonna take my three daughters and
herself and to me that was rock bottom
she loves me hell but I honestly did
when she did that I was in shock I I was
such an excuse my language
a-hole then I looked at my wife when she
told me that and I said look around you
how can you not be happy and she said no
I'm looking at you that's why I'm not
happy I don't care about the Ferraris
and the Porsches in the homes I'm
looking at you and not tore me up yeah I
can fully understand that what was it
that she saw that she didn't like first
she said I wasn't paying attention which
I heard to take anything right I was I
was someone that raised my vibration to
be aware and she felt as if I was always
you know first of all mo Siddhi like
most successful people so I was on top
of every
little thing and so number one I wasn't
paying attention in - I was surrounding
myself with the wrong people and the
wrong ideas and I was lying to myself
and that's where she told me to go take
stock in myself and what are some of the
wrong ideas the wrong ideas were mostly
about the value
my values the the idea were based on two
things that I had lost control of one
was my ego I all of a sudden had to need
to be right a need to be offended need
to be separate superior a need to be
inferior a need for guilt all of these
different needs of the ego that as I was
rising up that I was completely humbled
and all of these needs of the egos
turned me into a self entitled you know
a-hole who you know literally was only
concerned on what I could get and when I
went back and took stock in myself and
saw that there was these four values
mostly taught by my mom that were
missing that lost the radical humility
that made me successful and what are the
four values the first was gratitude I
was so happy we went had nothing I was
just like this grateful kid you know
thank you so much for whatever it was
and I had lost my gratitude perspective
my past all of a sudden wasn't so great
my present wasn't that good and my
future wasn't bright anymore and I had
lost grants because how you were
thinking about yeah my perspective and
then another one was empathy I I was a
very forgiving person and all of a
sudden I put myself in this ego
competitive world that I was taking and
I felt you know this need to be offended
all the time and separate and inferior
and superior so I learned empathy and
forgiveness again then accountability
was a big one the accountability issue I
went to a level of blame shame and
justification everything was everyone
else I was - right how could I have make
a mistake I blame shame and
justification my mom from as time as a
little kid taught me to don't live below
the line live in accountability to
questions to ask what did I do to
attract it to my life
what am I supposed to learn from it and
I and I lost that and then finally
really weird one most people get
confused effective communication I I'm a
great communicator
I'd motivate people I can talk and unite
people in one you know team captain on
my football team that kind of guy but
what I really lost was to effectively
communicate with what inspired me I had
lived an inspired life which made me not
work a day made people love me rot it
raised my vibration and I lost the idea
to communicate and lived and inspired
life I remember when I built my home in
Rancho Santa Fe it's in my book I had
this weird feeling that I'd lied in bed
when it was done the first night and my
words of my mouth were oh like I
didn't know what to do like I had gone
first surpassed my own imagination and
fulfilment and inspiration that I didn't
know really so I just started buying
things didn't make me happy bought more
things that make me happy about
different things didn't make me happy
until I went of service and the funny
thing is I wish I would have done it
when I had a lot to give at that time
and I didn't have to build it back up
but everyone goes through the lessons
that they learn for a purpose and a
reason
now one thing you were talking about and
I've never heard anybody else say you
said I had a need to be offended and a
need to be inferior yeah what do you
mean by that well number one when you
feel superior it's usually a direct
projection of your insecurities and so I
I was projecting my feeling that I was
inferior to other people that no matter
how much money that I made and the
successes I had when I met other people
like you that are so successful I had
this energy like I wasn't good enough I
lived in a word of not good enough and
then I would do things too by grace or
by appreciation even with my mom and
almost ruined my relationship because I
put a standard on her of appreciation
I'd buy her house or you know buy
extravagant gifts and and all she really
wanted was my love and appreciation but
I felt offended because people didn't do
this or didn't show up to my party or I
wasted so much energy so interesting
because I only know you on this side of
it right
so it's like so hard to see but I drive
me nuts when people look at me like that
right in isolation not see that it's a
journey in that you grow and change
through all of this but it's really
incredible to know that somebody can get
here at this state where you're so at
ease you've created so much success
you've helped so many people it's really
incredible and this is what I figured
out through my journey that I was always
great at providing a void and I'd fill
it but the void that I created usually
was promises that I made and I worked
really hard to do it instead of work
really hard upfront to provide value
create that void and then what I got
really good at was getting rid of the
ego guilt and I learned to ask big but I
learned to ask like attract someone like
Tom in my life so that could sit and
reach millions of people with him and
inspire them to help other people and
learn that when you give the universe
doesn't know sighs so it knows I believe
that it's just as good for somebody to
put a cart back at the grocery store or
pick up trash and throw it away or
provide a healthy food to somebody that
it is to give a million dollars the
universe is not these are human things
this isn't lower and so you might as
well do as many good deeds as you can
open as many doors smile as many people
hug as many people as you can and then
when you create your void of giving and
service that's big that's in this human
vibration this pragmatic world ask big
ask for at all
cuz it will come to you and that's I
think something I did subconsciously
when I was 25 right out of law school
and it's something I do consciously
subconsciously and unconsciously now I
asked to empower 75,000 people I want to
change the world to make people happy
and who are you asking that of the
universe so whatever you believe in and
whatever you believe in I don't care if
it's God Jesus Muhammad Joseph Smith the
12th man if you're a Seahawks fan I
don't care but ask ask the universe ask
who you think put it out there you know
there's three ways you got what you
think say and do that's one way to put
it out there
subconsciously there are no pathways in
your mind 40,000 of the same thoughts
put it out there and then finally your
energy your DNA
fingerprint on life that's what truly
puts it out there and that system of
consciousness subconscious unconscious
is what allows you to truly attract
rapidly and accurately what you want so
interesting because I'm guessing if we
flashback let's call it 20 years and I
ask the same question I get an equally
valid answer because it worked right
like both worked hard you would have got
work hard don't quit mmm
you know all of those things and look I
was an honest person I just had my
values a little bit screwed up as they
got bigger and bigger but I was you know
working really hard I just felt like I
was in control of everything and now
I've completely surrendered doesn't mean
I don't work as hard I was gonna say I
watch your content and there's
definitely like you said I'm in a ball
park it here but like I don't go to bed
I pass out and I work until my energy
runs out and I thought yeah I get that
and so it's so interesting to see me
yeah not a conflict at all actually it's
just it's such an interesting way to
come at it so you've got the on the one
hand it's the more traditional hard
driving you know I'm gonna make this
happen if I'm creating a void it's a
void of what I'm looking for people to
you know pour into hey I've given you
something I'm expecting something back
and many of many of many a person who
built insanely amazing careers doing
that right so I know that it works but
then over here now you've done both and
it's like this totally different way but
yet you still really pour yourself into
what you do value yeah it's super
interesting so like I was watching one
of your pieces of content he went to
this event and it was during spring
break and so there was only you know I
don't know handful 30 kids there or
something and you said oh these are the
ones that'll make it why are they the
ones that will make it you know I
believe in being more interested than
interesting and that providing value
they define that for people I know what
you mean but like I really put a point
on it it you know for me we it's almost
connected to the zero effect of life and
I think there's a consistency that makes
people successful and what happens is we
lie to ourselves and I'll use health
because you're an expert at it but I see
this in nutrition and
sighs people will tell me after one
month gosh why did I get incremental
results or no results at all I said
because you zeroed yourself out the kids
that showed up during spring break to
the event that I had that the ones that
were there and they had a lot of other
distractions they're the ones that don't
zero out they're the ones that get the
exponential power of the universe
meaning if I do something every day day
one I get X to the first day twos to
second third for third fourth fifth most
people when it comes to nutrition
they're always these six they zero
themselves out then they start over for
a second and during a month it means
zero themself out three or four times at
the end of the month they didn't get the
exponential results if you stick to
something every day this idea of being
more interested really asking the extra
questions going the extra mile which is
completely empty in my opinion if you
want no competition in your life go the
extra mile 99.9% of the people are
ziering themselves out there doing 28
days a month not 31 how do you help them
with that cuz I'm a psycho for this the
level of clarity that you have to have
yeah you know I start very pragmatically
I have certain things that I think can
change someone's life number one student
of your calendar it might sound silly
but I believe focus there's a whole
field of intention and that the
pragmatic way that we figure out what
we're doing in a day because I look for
productivity and accessibility I study
my calendar all the way here I was
studying like things your awareness rise
when you're looking at something and
start thinking all right I'm gonna be
with Tom what what should I ask Tom this
is all being more interested in and it
goes from there and then another quick
philosophy is do it now I whenever I'm
doing anything I have a simple question
can I do it now because if I can do
something now number one I saved myself
a minimum of half the time it'll take me
twice as much time to do something if I
don't do it now and to exponentially it
becomes less successful if you don't do
something now you can forget it
you have to go back I mean it just turns
into a mess so about 85 to 88 percent of
the things that I'm approached with I
can do now hey you got a referral yeah
hold on
sometimes is a little weird and quirky
during a meeting but I do it anyway
someone asked me I literally make the
induct introduction I cut our
conversation hey you need to know this
guy you and so these little tips of time
and then the other side so I give time
tips because I believe times a construct
everybody has 24 hours a day it's how
productive and accessible can you be in
24 hours and then the other construct is
ego so the two ways I help them is I
teach them gratitude empathy
accountability and effective
communication to help them get out of
their own way because that ego and time
will be two things that will reduce all
the resistance in their lives and allow
them to attract what they want and if
you understand ego and you understand
time you can have faith to be of service
so help me understand you go how does it
stop most people ego is that voice that
little voice inside of you that I use
cancel clear connect for that it's all
these needs you know it guilt is a big
one fear is a huge one anxiety so when I
can teach young people to identify when
they're thinking with their ego when
they're in their own way
there's only one thing that stands
between you and what you want and when I
say what you want that let me be very
clear
I believe that all people want is to be
happy and in order to make them happy
they if they get what they want health
you know money a Ferrari now it won't
maintain the happiness if you get what
you want but the key is if you could
rapidly get everything that you want
learn from it keep what keeps you happy
dump what doesn't and then keep moving
on you're gonna live a happy existence
or fulfilled its existence so the ego is
the only thing that stands between you
and what you want and when we can
identify it which is the first step we
can start working through why do we feel
this way that's one of the biggest
questions that I ask I still get scared
you know I still fight certain things I
I don't know what percentage of the time
anymore but I just try to get better I
tried to pursue my potential of living
at the highest vibration of the truth
without my ego you know still - I mean I
every time I talk to my mom I fight my
ego because it's such an emotional
relation
I fight my ego of all different things
that probably carried from the time I
was in the womb but energetically the
more I work through it and the better I
feel the more I'm able to manifest not
only for myself but for others and so
I've heard what you've said about your
mom that she has a third degree black
belt and Jewish guilt yeah so knowing
that what does it mean to work through
it is it finding your Center is it just
having the compassion for her
understanding that she only wants good
things for you and this is just her best
attempt what cuz I know there are so
many people watching this they have the
same relationship so what do they do
mechanistically what do they do to work
through it
so what I started doing is I realized
that there's only two things my mom
really wanted from me one was to know
that I loved her and to appreciated her
that that's my mother and I and I got
that by asking her questions and so what
I decided to do to change our
relationship was to make sure every day
so I have this philosophy of doing stuff
every day give it a minimum amount of
minutes so I gave my mom a minimum of
one minute a day to make sure that she
loves and appreciates me and meaning I
would call text or email her and simply
sometimes say hey mom I was just
thinking about you
I got back from China today and I just
wanted you to know that I totally love
you and appreciate you I live this
extraordinary life and I'm so grateful
you know I'm one of six and all the
things then I work through it and say to
myself why do I still feel this way why
why do I feel inferior to my siblings
just because they all went to the high D
leagues and none of them got a B why I'm
50 years old I have my own beautiful
family why do I have this energy about
me that I literally no it's not easy for
people to to say the truth then I know
enough here's the best thing about it my
brothers are super they're super
accelerated like humans they're amazing
right Harvard summa laude amazing
and what's funny is we my brother went
to Harvard he was extremely light he's a
rabbi now
you know I said to him hey man I just
I'm working on feeling good around you
and he was like pale he goes that's
funny because I was thinking the same
thing about you you know like that in
fear and I go and I
hope you take it as a compliment because
I just think the world of you and I
wants you to think the world of me those
type of effective communications can
open up and allow you to work through
why you feel certain ways because it
transcends if you feel that with your
siblings or your parents it's worse for
people you just met you're trying to
prove yourself well one of the energies
I carry that ruined me was I had an
energy that I was stupid and I projected
it that I was smarter than everyone else
because I carried a core energy because
of my siblings and the way I was raised
and my grandma telling me only stupid
people get bored smart people think of
things to do then I literally projected
this insecurity that caused me to over
sell back and sell lie manipulate and
not feel good about myself no matter how
much I had I still needed more and it
was for myself to prove that I was smart
enough that's house so incredible how
did you get to the point where you could
take accountability for all of that like
that is I love your thoughts on
accountability by the way extraordinary
but what I find is the people that can
take accountability often have to really
overcome something like that thing they
really don't want to talk about and they
still have to take accountability for
that how did you face that it was taking
accountability for going bankrupt
because to me everything in my life was
about being rich it was about having
that money my whole identity was that
success and so to let go of that
identity and to be radically humble and
confident and faithful just say I am
accountable I mean it was a bad time
that I went bankrupt it was 2007-2008
everybody was losing money people were
blaming me and there's lawsuits and in
my egos in the way and the minute I said
you know hey you know what I could have
done this I attracted this yes my
wonderful wife is correct I just wrapped
myself with the wrong people and the
wrong ideas I'm accountable 100% and I'm
gonna tell everybody about it
I'm not gonna hide you know what take
that if there's a great author David
Corbin he wrote a book called illuminate
and I read that book and he became a
friend of mine
I had to search him out after I read it
and he it used an example about
illumination he said I was doing
business and there's guy that was
convicted of a white-collar crime felony
and first thing of every business call
that he said he said look before we get
started I want to let you know I was
convicted in 2001 of a white-collar
crime for doing this I served six months
in jail
I'm completely accountable for it but I
learned what I learned and I just want
to tell you upfront before we do any
business that this is me and if you're
not comfortable doing business with a
felon I get it and 90 some percent of
the people trusted that person more than
somebody else and then two if you know a
hundred percent of the people especially
because of technology and access to
information today eventually you're
gonna find out right and you lose 100
percent of the people when they find out
after and you know for me that was a
friend of mine said I love the statement
David I would rather people hate me for
who I am and love me for who I'm not I'm
the exact opposite of you I love that
when he told me that and that was part I
wanted everyone to love me and kit yeah
that's easier said than done
that's really really interesting and
doing the work of identifying it like
you were talking about whether it's ego
or what it is with just recognizing that
is there and then being able to process
through that find your Center and then
move forward with intention it's really
really interesting and as I think
through that and I think through the
steps and how meticulous you have to be
why are you such a good negotiator what
what is it that you do is there a
process like that like what is it really
I think it's part of being more
interested than interesting so what I do
is I explore the reasons that you want
what you want I want to explore the
impact that it has and the capabilities
that you currently have that you want to
have and that you actually need and then
I align those with the reasons that I
want to do the deal the impact that it
has for me and the capabilities that I
have want or need
and when I figure that all out in
negotiation I actually can make a bigger
hole than other people I'm dealing hey I
could give you this you could give me
that
and we both really win from things that
I've heard you say almost just off the
cuff the thing that seems like your
superpower from the outside is that you
go into everything with an open mind not
knowing what the answer might be and
looking for ways that are completely
outside the realm of even what I would
think to ask for and is part of what is
anybody's power in a negotiation being
able to make the ask yeah so there's
three things one people buy on emotion
for logical reasons so you have to
address the emotions and so that's that
open nature that you feel and see and
from knowing me now
the other two is not only an ask it's an
attract so I believe there's four
mediums that you can ask and attract on
the first in person so being more
interested than interesting we were
gonna meet in person today I know that I
strategically for the benefit of both of
us have Asuna tracks right one of those
simple ask was you know I I really
wanted you to sign something to put into
my studio right because every one I do
that's just a simple one but I'm
thinking about that so in person asking
a track that on the phone every phone
call I received not push out right I'm
on the defensive in my life I'm
attracting right I'm allowing things so
I know that I'm gonna receive phone
calls today I'm gonna have asked into
tracks and be and I know that because
unconditionally I ask people is anything
I can do for you how can I be of service
and they'll either tell me or not and
invariably they're almost forced to by
the laws of nature to ask me what I want
I haven't asked an attract talk to me
about meditation
how are you leveraging that in your life
meditation for me is 20 minutes every
morning first thing that I do and what
it does is it finds my Center that's all
that's all for me it's almost like
baseline testing for a concussion
because what I've learned is that life
life is like the big tall hill in
Sanford
go with a car on top that's your center
when the car is up there you can hold it
you know a truck you can hold with your
finger when it's sitting on top of a
hill the minute this thing starts
rolling downhill you got to put it back
up the longer goes downhill the harder
it is to get back on what I used to do
during the day is I'd let that truck
keep flying down the hill and trying to
react
instead of act by going back to Center
and is this emotional that's how I think
of it I think of it as anxiety stress
emotion those are the things I'm trying
to bring back to Center correct
so anything that takes you off of peace
mmm oneness wholeness that feel peaceful
feeling if something moves me in that
direction instead of reacting talking
yelling all the different things that
throwing things whatever you are go back
so you had this really cool story about
hey my daughter at the time I think she
was 16 if she said that I want a Ferrari
you'd be like cool how do we go about
getting it correct and I found that
really interesting cuz it's so pragmatic
but what I want to do now is is really
collide the two things because I think
you're uniquely capable like you live in
the real world you've built real
businesses and been very successful and
there's so much tangibility to what you
do like and maybe this will be a
breakthrough for me I want to know like
how those two coexist
how do you manifest which I imagine just
means essentially daydream right and
then how do i reconcile that then I have
to go do something for it that's the
biggest conflict that I had - the people
told me about manifesting I rolled my
eyes because I didn't understand it
manifesting as commanding which means
working with the word work is in there
you got to take action you got to make
it happen you can't sit at home high on
your mom's couch manifesting the
Publishers Clearing House to come to
your door you know it would drive me
crazy you know this is a secret I'm on
to transformational leadership council
I'm like the most pragmatic sports agent
weirdal on there but those are all the
people that create the movie the secret
and I told them to help me crazy when
the guys do teaching the masses sit
there and dream about your Ferrari and
this was during my transformational time
and I sat there it could have hit my
stomach I'm like do you know how hard I
had to work to buy my Ferrari like it
was a dream of mine but I wasn't home
hyoma
mom's couch dreaming about having that
thing I was out working and doing all
the things that I needed that
combination to me the commanding the
commanding of the universe working with
it and that includes working with others
so I only even in my business ask me you
want to go to do something you want to
come to the studio today and get
involved and meet you
cuz there's you know I saw the posse
that came that's cuz they asked it okay
how are we gonna do it what value are
you gonna bring to the table oh I can
drive I can do this the same works with
the universe you know I want to raise a
hundred million dollars to give the
people and I hear the universe tell me
okay how are we gonna do it now it takes
action takes a lineman action adjustment
but it does it takes a I'd have to
create a plan I'm not just gonna dream
about it but I believe that it's very
important to still think about it focus
in on it dream about it that all these
things the conscious subconscious and
unconscious all work together but
without conscious action it probably
won't take place talk to me about
planning how do you come up with a plan
how have you like this is the thing when
I really sit down and try to break down
for people what you need to do to be
successful there are certain places I
stop because there's nothing Universal
to give them and the plan is one of them
right so I'm just ridiculously psycho
about people need a goal a hyper
specific goal and a plan so my thing is
identified the gap between where you are
and where you want to be and that gap is
a gap of skillset and now you have to go
and get those skills but most people
can't identify what skills actually lie
between where they are and where they
want to go they get it like from the end
result but they don't know how to plan
that out yeah and I'm not I like I don't
even understand other than just sort of
by intuition how I'm doing it so here's
what school does this is gonna throw you
way back because it's completely
pragmatic monetary solution to the
problem that I tell young people with
what they want that they need it to
figure out one a direct path to that the
that that's your gold what's my direct
path to revenue forget the business side
what if you have an idea
business specifically what's my direct
path to revenue and when you stay
focused on the direct path of revenue
you only need one more thing to stay in
business every day and so if you have
one objective to stay in business and
then to a direct path to revenue and
understand that my job is to align with
as much as I can
be more interested than interesting
learning these skills knowledge and
maintaining desire you're guaranteed
success let me give you one of the
coolest things that I've learned and
this is about anything in life if
somebody could tell you give me your
dream and your twenty five knows from
your dream twenty five of failures
losses from your dream how excited would
you be when you got the first no wait
wait how about when you get your
twenty-fifth one but for me this is
where faith comes in I believe that I
live in the favor like in the favor of
the universe I believe that everything
is mine everything there's enough of
everything for everyone I just truly
believe it and I don't know if it's
twenty-five but I know it's the same
philosophy so I take on the energy and
perspective of mmm good news first
failure I was wrong again good news and
then the twenty-fifth comes I'm like oh
gosh I know I'm closer than I was this
is great we're like so many people
cannot maintain desire and they get to
the 25th time and they're this far away
you know that don't quit poem that I
love that poem because that explains
this perfectly you're done man you're
gonna get there I don't know how long my
favorite book I was blessed to do a book
with Jack Canfield Chicken Soup for the
Soul half a billion he was rejected 200
times my publishers said it was a stupid
idea
200 but if I told him that he would be
rejected 200 times before he had the
best-selling book of all times and a
half a billion sold in a whole brand
that laughs for legacy of a lifetimes of
people how happy would he been when he
got to 150 and so to me to teach people
you need skills integration of skills
knowledge and desire maintenance of
desire you need a direct path to what
you want but you need to stay on course
every day it's every single day the only
thing that stopped you from being
successful in business
example is you run out of money you go
out of business how many businesses do
we know that have evolved I'm sure your
business is evolved from where you
started right I know Google did Facebook
did right they all were not set out to
be but they all had a direct path to
what they wanted to do and they stayed
in business every day how do you
maintain desire I've wanted to ask that
from the second use of that that's super
powerful it's the image literally to me
it's the consistent persistent enjoyment
of the pursuit of my potential when my
outcomes I have goals
people are getting all the time well
don't you do that like but I changed my
goals that are a little different they
don't create boys shorts and obstacles
meaning someone will tell me I want to
be a millionaire by the time I'm 30 I
said can I give you a piece of advice
why not double the amount of money you
make as fast as you can you're not
playing with linear time anymore times a
construct what if you've made it way
before 30 you've cheated yourself what
you're creating resistance so for me to
stay inspired it's every day enjoying
the pursuit of my potential and truly
focusing in on man I love that like my
real enlightenment came when I got my
butt kicked and walked out of there
going wow that was awesome
where no ego right it's just like I just
learned so much I must be so much closer
to what I want because I just learned a
ton and I guess I got my butt kicked
and we're the old day would have been
like you know he doesn't know anything
no I don't know anything and I'm here to
learn more yeah that that's really
interesting another thing that you've
said that I think is really powerful is
we are made by our nose you mean by that
along with the 25 nose opportunity is
that we're also made by the people that
we say no to and sometimes you know we
were asked a lot by family friends
associates community we have to be able
to say no now along with my how
philosophy people say well how is that
income you know in not in conflict with
how well because I can say no to you but
I challenge myself to be of service so
if I can help you who can I find to help
you part of my business model
an extreme channel of understanding how
many requests are made of me and what I
can and can't do my capabilities and
being able to have resources to help
other people as well so people ask to
borrow money from me all the time right
the instant on years ie you're a service
man you're the most look more than happy
to help you find out you don't need a
loan from me I'm not a bank but I can
show you 20 different ways that you can
get to the your objective without me
giving you a handout and the worst thing
you can do is try to please everybody
and say yes to everybody you're made by
the people you say no to it's really
interesting all right before I ask my
last question tell these guys where they
can find you online if I've been online
at David Meltzer this is probably the
best place Dave Meltzer it's calm really
easy but at David Meltzer Instagram is
probably the best place or just Google
David Meltzer fortunately the other
famous David Meltzer the beatnik poet
died so I'm the only one alive that
really there makes that easy yeah cool
well my last question is what's the
impact that you want to have on the
world really simple you know I want to
empower others to empower others to be
happy if I can power others to teach
others to be happy
I get that exponential result if I could
teach a thousand people to be teach a
thousand people that's a million right
right it just expands so I'm trying to
get messages out there notice one
difference about my content is I don't
sell anything I don't think I ever will
the only thing I'm selling you is
methodology pragmatic spiritual
methodology of how to be happy but more
importantly to take complex issues try
to make them simple enough so not only
does it make you happy but you could
tell somebody else hey man if you just
say thank you before you go to bed and
when you wake up your whole life will
change BAM that's what I'm here for I
love that thank you so much
guys you are gonna be hard-pressed to
find anybody that is more real more
vulnerable more honest more effective at
building businesses creating the kind of
abundance that you want in your life and
he can explain it because like he said
he had to go through it all over again
he rose and would not have been able to
explain how he did it the first time he
crashed had to codify it so that he
could teach it to himself with nobody
else and then that became something that
he could pass on to other people and
that that is when people get really
profound is when they have a deep
understanding not just an intuitive
sense of how to do it but a deep
understanding that they can articulate
so his hopes of teaching a thousand
people to teach a thousand people who
will hopefully teach a thousand more I
think is very very plausible and as you
dive into his world and see the amount
of stuff that he will give away to you
off the cuff for free it is absolutely
astonishing this is somebody who truly
leads with service the first time we met
literally didn't know him and he was
just hey how can I help what could I do
it's so disarming and so beautiful and
so incredible and re-watched the
beginning of this episode that is a
moment that might be the most giving
moment of all the things that he tried
to give him the way of advice just
showing the raw emotion around his mom
and how hard that was for him was so
moving to me that in and of itself is a
gift so I promise as you dive deeper you
will be rewarded with an avalanche of
amazingly usable insights that will help
you feel better it will help you find
your Center and go and do the things
that you want to do all right if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe and
until next time my friends be legendary
take care
[Applause]
everybody thank you so much for watching
and being a part of this community if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
you're gonna get weekly videos on
building a growth mindset cultivating
grit and unlocking your full potential